Update 50-aliases.md (#5036)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/faq/50-aliases.md

title: How do I setup a path alias?
---

> Set alias in `svelte.config.js` as described in [`configuration section`](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/configuration#alias) in docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aliases can be set in `svelte.config.js` as described in the [`configuration`](/docs/configuration#alias) docs.
```
